# Order Generator

An Arduino program to generate 5-hole paper tape using an Adafruit thermal
printer.

## Prequisites

This uses the
[Adafruit Thermal Printer library](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Thermal-Printer-Library). Clone
this into your Arduino library directory:
- On Linux: (home directory)/sketchbook/libraries
- On Mac:: In (home directory)/Documents/Arduino/libraries
- On Windows:: My Documents\Arduino\libraries

For example on Linux
```
cd ~/sketchbook/libraries
git clone https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Thermal-Printer-Library.git Adafruit_Thermal
```
You will need to restart the Arduino IDE after setting this up.

## The program

Load `printcode.ino` into the Arduino IDE and upload to the printer.

Open a serial monitor and enter numbers (in decimal) to be uploaded, with each
number followed by a comma.

The numbers will be printed in 5-hole format. Note that only the bottom 5 bits
of numbers larger than 31 will be printed.


## The generator program

The images for the data and sprocket holes are held as constant bitmaps in
`printcode.ino`. The declarations and initialization of these can be generated
on your host computer using the `gencode.c` program.  For example on Linux,
50% gray holes can be generated by:
```
gcc -o genmap genmap.c
./genmap holeMap 50 50 2
./genmap sprocketMap 50 35 2
```
The first argument is the name of the variable in the declaration, the second
is the width and height of the bitmap (it must be square), the third is the
diameter of the hole to be marked black within the square, the optional fourth
is the proportion of black bits to not be printed.

Thus a value of 2 in the final argument yields 50% grayscale, 4, 75% grayscale
and so on. If omitted or given a value of 0, then all black bits are
printed. Note that 1 is a valid value, but then no bits will be printed!
